README.md, before:

# 01-Introduction

Hello, class! This is the first assignment for MSCH-C220. The requirements for this assignment are as follows:

Write a Python program that displays answers to the following questions:

* What is your name?
* What is your favorite game?
* What concerns do you have about this class?
* What are you excited about (in general)?
* What is your stackoverflow.com user number?
* What is the URL to your github.com profile?

In order to complete the assignment, you will need to do the following:

* Create an account on [stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com).
* Create an account on [github.com](https://github.com).
* Download and install [Python 3.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
* Download and install [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
* Download [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) or [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

---

If you want more detailed instructions, here are the steps to follow:

1. Log into your account on [github.com](github.com)
2. Go to the [assignment template page](https://github.com/BL-MSCH-C220-F19/01-Introduction) on GitHub
3. There is a button in the top right corner of the page labeled "Fork". Press that now
4. A modal window will appear asking you where you want to fork the repository. Select your account. This will create an independent copy of this repository in your account that you can begin to edit
5. Go to your GitHub home page, and select the new 01-Introduction repository
6. On that page, you will see a green button labeled "Clone or download". Press that now. You will see a drop down box that contains the following: "Clone with HTTPS". Inside the dropdown, you will see a box containing an URL. Next to the box is an icon that looks like a clipboard with an arrow pointing to it. Click that icon now
7. Open VS Code. When the program opens, push the F1 key. In the box that opens, type "Git: Clone". Hit enter. In the box that then opens, paste the URL you copied from GitHub. Select a location for the repository; on Windows, the default is something like c:\Users\(username)\Documents\01-Introduction. VS Code will now clone (download) a copy of the code to your computer
8. VS Code should give you an opportunity to enter your username and password. If you see a dialogue asking if you want VS Code to check for changes periodically, you can select "No" 
9. Once VS Code has cloned (downloaded) the code, it will be responsible for keeping the code on your local computer synchronized with the repository in your GitHub account. In the panel to the left of the current window, you should see a list of the files you have downloaded

---

10. First, edit the file called LICENSE. Replace the [year] [fullname] with the current year and your name (e.g., 2019 Jason Francis). Save this file
11. Then edit the file called main.py. This is the python code for this assignment. Replace the line "print('Hello, Class!')" with a line that answers the first question for the assignment (e.g., "print('Hello, my name is Jason Francis')")
12. Add additional lines to answer the other questions from the list above. Be creative and descriptive, but remember that this information will be publically available. When you are done, save the file
13. You should test your code by right-clicking on the code and selecting "Run Python File in Terminal". The results will appear at the bottom. Make sure everything looks the way you would expect
14. Open the README.md file (which, at this point contains all this information). The purpose of this file is to describe what you code does, so edit it to describe what you are trying to accomplish with your code. Write in your own voice, and try to be helpful to anyone who downloads this project. What are you hoping to accomplish? What should someone expect to see when they run your code? When you are done editing README.md, save the file

---

15. When you are done editing the files, you should see an icon on the far-left bar that looks like three circles, connected by lines. That icon should be badged with a "3". Push that button now
16. At the top of the leftmost area, you should see a text box labeled "Message". Add a message that describes what you have done; these messages are typically stated in the active-present tense. For example, "Updates the LICENSE, README.md, and completes the assignment." Click the check mark above the text box to commit your changes
17. In the drop down to the right of the check mark, select "Push"
18. Check out your page on GitHub. You should see the changes you made reflected there, Repeat steps 10 through 17 as necessary
19. When you are satisfied with your efforts, turn in a URL to your repository on Canvas

---

The grading criteria will be as follows:

* [1 point] Assignment turned in on time
* [1] Repository contains an appropriate software license
* [2] Repository contains a descriptive README.md
* [1] Requires Python 3
* [1] No syntax errors
* [8] Accomplishes the objective of the assignment
* [2] No other runtime errors
* [2] Validates user input (if necessary)
* [2] Adds interesting features (beyond the scope of the assignment)

20 points total

Commit message:

completes assignment and alters ReadMe

README.md, after:

# 01-Introduction

-----------------------------------------------------
WHAT I DID:
Shared information using print command and adding text within the paranthesis and apostrophes. Added a question and responses using a similar path to the former assignment  in main10. Except I couldnt figure a way of repeating.  


-----------------------------------------------------
Hello, class! This is the first assignment for MSCH-C220. The requirements for this assignment are as follows:

Write a Python program that displays answers to the following questions:

* What is your name?
* What is your favorite game?
* What concerns do you have about this class?
* What are you excited about (in general)?
* What is your stackoverflow.com user number?
* What is the URL to your github.com profile?

In order to complete the assignment, you will need to do the following:

* Create an account on [stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com).
* Create an account on [github.com](https://github.com).
* Download and install [Python 3.7](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
* Download and install [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
* Download [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) or [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

---

If you want more detailed instructions, here are the steps to follow:

1. Log into your account on [github.com](github.com)
2. Go to the [assignment template page](https://github.com/BL-MSCH-C220-F19/01-Introduction) on GitHub
3. There is a button in the top right corner of the page labeled "Fork". Press that now
4. A modal window will appear asking you where you want to fork the repository. Select your account. This will create an independent copy of this repository in your account that you can begin to edit
5. Go to your GitHub home page, and select the new 01-Introduction repository
6. On that page, you will see a green button labeled "Clone or download". Press that now. You will see a drop down box that contains the following: "Clone with HTTPS". Inside the dropdown, you will see a box containing an URL. Next to the box is an icon that looks like a clipboard with an arrow pointing to it. Click that icon now
7. Open VS Code. When the program opens, push the F1 key. In the box that opens, type "Git: Clone". Hit enter. In the box that then opens, paste the URL you copied from GitHub. Select a location for the repository; on Windows, the default is something like c:\Users\(username)\Documents\01-Introduction. VS Code will now clone (download) a copy of the code to your computer
8. VS Code should give you an opportunity to enter your username and password. If you see a dialogue asking if you want VS Code to check for changes periodically, you can select "No" 
9. Once VS Code has cloned (downloaded) the code, it will be responsible for keeping the code on your local computer synchronized with the repository in your GitHub account. In the panel to the left of the current window, you should see a list of the files you have downloaded

---

10. First, edit the file called LICENSE. Replace the [year] [fullname] with the current year and your name (e.g., 2019 Jason Francis). Save this file
11. Then edit the file called main.py. This is the python code for this assignment. Replace the line "print('Hello, Class!')" with a line that answers the first question for the assignment (e.g., "print('Hello, my name is Jason Francis')")
12. Add additional lines to answer the other questions from the list above. Be creative and descriptive, but remember that this information will be publically available. When you are done, save the file
13. You should test your code by right-clicking on the code and selecting "Run Python File in Terminal". The results will appear at the bottom. Make sure everything looks the way you would expect
14. Open the README.md file (which, at this point contains all this information). The purpose of this file is to describe what you code does, so edit it to describe what you are trying to accomplish with your code. Write in your own voice, and try to be helpful to anyone who downloads this project. What are you hoping to accomplish? What should someone expect to see when they run your code? When you are done editing README.md, save the file

---

15. When you are done editing the files, you should see an icon on the far-left bar that looks like three circles, connected by lines. That icon should be badged with a "3". Push that button now
16. At the top of the leftmost area, you should see a text box labeled "Message". Add a message that describes what you have done; these messages are typically stated in the active-present tense. For example, "Updates the LICENSE, README.md, and completes the assignment." Click the check mark above the text box to commit your changes
17. In the drop down to the right of the check mark, select "Push"
18. Check out your page on GitHub. You should see the changes you made reflected there, Repeat steps 10 through 17 as necessary
19. When you are satisfied with your efforts, turn in a URL to your repository on Canvas

---

The grading criteria will be as follows:

* [1 point] Assignment turned in on time
* [1] Repository contains an appropriate software license
* [2] Repository contains a descriptive README.md
* [1] Requires Python 3
* [1] No syntax errors
* [8] Accomplishes the objective of the assignment
* [2] No other runtime errors
* [2] Validates user input (if necessary)
* [2] Adds interesting features (beyond the scope of the assignment)

20 points total
